Update index.md (#4253)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/ingestion-volume/ingest-budgets/daily-volume/index.md

> The **Scope** supports the option to assign ingest budgets to your log data by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Scope** feature allows you to assign ingest budgets to your log data using one of the following options:
```

> * A Field that is enabled in the [Fields](/docs/manage/fields) table (not including fields created by Field Extraction Rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A field that is enabled in the [Fields](https://github.com/docs/manage/fields) table. Note that fields created by [Field Extraction Rules](docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule) are not included in this option.
```
